README.md, before:

# medea

medea is a command-line developers toolbox, written in Rust. Similar to projects like [CyberChef](https://github.com/gchq/CyberChef) and [DevToys](https://github.com/veler/DevToys), it offers tools for quick text generation and processing, like creating hashes and parsing jwts. Being a command line application, medea is easy to install and offers extension through pipe chaining and bash scripting.

## Features

- Text Generation
  - UUID
- Text Processing
  - Hash generation

## Installation

#### TODO: Installation script

You can grab the binary from the latest release here: https://github.com/haondt/medea/releases

Alternatively, you can clone the repository and build with Cargo.

## Usage

The basic usage is `medea [command] --options`. See `medea --help` or `medea [command] --help` for more details. Here are some example usages:

```shell
# generate an HS256 hash
echo -n 'my data' | medea hash -a sha256 --hmac 'my secret'

# generate some uuids
medea uuid -uc 5
```

## License

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

feature/timestamp (#2)
* started implementation

* finished implementation and started adding tests

* fixed error string not used on output

* made things a bit simpler

* added unit tests

* added documentation for ts

* updated readme

README.md, after:

# medea

medea is a command-line developers toolbox, written in Rust. Similar to projects like [CyberChef](https://github.com/gchq/CyberChef) and [DevToys](https://github.com/veler/DevToys), it offers tools for quick text generation and processing, like creating hashes and parsing jwts. Being a command line application, medea is easy to install and offers extension through pipe chaining and bash scripting.

## Features

- Text Generation
  - UUID
- Text Processing
  - Hash generation

## Installation

#### TODO: Installation script

You can grab the binary from the latest release here: https://github.com/haondt/medea/releases

Alternatively, you can clone the repository and build with Cargo.

## Usage

The basic usage is `medea [command] --options`. See `medea help` or `medea help [command] help` for more details. Here are some example usages:

```shell
# generate an HS256 hash
echo -n 'my data' | medea hash -a sha256 --hmac 'my secret'

# generate some uuids
medea uuid -uc 5

# convert timestamps
medea ts --format iso -z America/Los_Angeles 1678742400
```

## Tests

Run tests with

```shell
cargo test
```

## License

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE)
